# How to publish Made With Serverpod

To publish this package, simply create a new tag and push it to the repository. The GitHub action will automatically build and publish the package to pub.dev.

The tag needs to be in the format `vX.Y.Z`, where `X`, `Y`, and `Z` are integers. The version number should be incremented according to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) rules.

It is also possible to publish a pre-release version by adding a suffix to the version number. For example, `v1.0.0-dev.1` is a pre-release version of `v1.0.0`.

## Prepare the release

Before publishing a new version, follow these steps to prepare the release:

1. Make sure to update the version number in the `pubspec.yaml` file. The version number should be incremented according to the [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/) rules.
2. Update the `CHANGELOG.md` file with the changes made in the new version. This is the changelog that will be displayed on pub.dev.
3. Merge the changes to the `main` branch and then create a tag based on that commit.

## Create a new tag

The preferred way to create a new tag is to use GitHub's interface to create a new release.

GitHub will suggest the latest commit on the `main` branch as the target for the tag. Make sure to select the correct commit.

An automatically generated changelog will be created for the release. This changelog is not used by pub.dev. Instead, the `CHANGELOG.md` file is our source of truth. Therefore, the changelog generated by GitHub can be left as is.
